Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) Effect: The Impact and Role of Mass Media During the Pandemic
Automate the Data Management ProcessRealtime Kibana Dashboard for a financial tech firmData Management, ETL, and Data AutomationData Management – EGEASHow To Secure (SSL) Nginx with Let’s Encrypt on Ubuntu (Cloud VM, GCP, AWS, Azure, Linode) and Add DomainDeploy and view React app(Nextjs) on cloud VM such as GCP, AWS, Azure, LinodeDeploy Nodejs app on a cloud VM such as GCP, AWS, Azure, LinodeGrafana Dashboard – Oscar AwardsRising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040.Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in FutureInternet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative PathwaysRise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming FutureAI/ML and Predictive ModelingSolution for Contact Centre ProblemsHow to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application?Code Review ChecklistThe outbreak of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) has created a global health crisis that has had a deep impact on the way we perceive our world and our everyday lives. Not only the rate of contagion and patterns of transmission threatens our sense of agency, but the safety measures put in place to contain the spread of the virus also require social distancing by refraining from doing what is inherently human, which is to find solace in the company of others. Within this context of physical threat, social and physical distancing, as well as public alarm, what has been (and can be) the role of the different mass media channels in our lives on individual, social and societal levels?Mass media have long been recognized as powerful forces shaping how we experience the world and ourselves. This recognition is accompanied by a growing volume of research, that closely follows the footsteps of technological transformations (e.g. radio, movies, television, the internet, mobiles) and the zeitgeist (e.g. cold war, 9/11, climate change) in an attempt to map mass media major impacts on how we perceive ourselves, both as individuals and citizens. Are media (broadcast and digital) still able to convey a sense of unity reaching large audiences, or are messages lost in the noisy crowd of mass self-communication? Do social media provide solace or grounds for misinformation, (de)humanization, and discrimination? Can we harness the flexibility and ubiquity of media technologies to increase the public’s adherence to the safety measures suggested by global health organizations to combat the spread of COVID-19? How can different media industries and channels for mass communication promote adaptive responses to foster positive health attitudes and adherence to preventive measures? How media impact the dynamics in the private domain (e.g. strengthen family bonds versus domestic conflict and violence)?COVID-19, coronavirus disease, mass media, health communication, prevention, intervention, social-behavioral changesWe provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise.Contact us: hello@blackcoffer.com© All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd